Update compileDefinition.md (#1235)
contao/docs: docs/dev/reference/hooks/compileDefinition.md

style sheet is written. It passes the database record of the style definition as 
an array and expects a string as return value.

{{% notice info %}}

> Using the `sendNewsletter` hook has been deprecated and will no longer work in Contao 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `compileDefinition` hook has been deprecated and will no longer work in Contao 5.0. There is no replacement as the internal stylesheet functionality has been removed in Contao 5.0.
```
